# CS-250-Software-Development-Life-Cycle
This is a reflection on the final project for the course

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
User needs are the backbone of writing a program because without them, the program simply can't exist. They are typically interpreted through a list of functional requirements that the program needs to meet in order to be considered successful. Writing User Stories helps with interpreting and implementing user needs by giving a sense of context to the requirement. With user stories, a requirment is more than just a feature to be implemented. It is a request for a feature with a specific purpose that helps the programmer know why the feature is a requirement and gives them a hint as to the best way to implement the feature in the first place.

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When I write code, I start by turning the list of requirements into a list of potential user stories, and then split those stories into tasks. I then make a sort of product backlog so as to streamline the development of those features so that the important ones are completed first. The agile processes I hope to incorporate into my future work would be user stories and daily Scrum meetings. I really like user stories because of the context they provide to the developer which really helps in determining the best way to implement a feature. Daily Scrum meetings really help a team communicate and significantly helps with making sure the team can self-organize and collaborate efficiently. It also provides developers an opportunity to talk about some issues they may have with their tasks and gives others on the team the chance to offer their help and individual expertise.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To me, being a good team member is all about collaboration and sharing. What one developer has an issue with, you may have the unique perspective or expertise to come up with a solution. To put it simply, being a good team member is being able to ask for help and offer your help to other team member's in return.
